In the previous lectures we have been talking about how to use the now and that works with Cara's framework
in order to solve the X or logical relation problem in this lecture.
We are going to talk about classification.
So in the Ivory's data set we have three output classes.
We have the iron Seto's.
We have iris versicolor and we have iris virginica.
So there are three output classes.
Ok so first of all we can unload the iris data set with the help of Skeat learned data sets.
This dataset is going to contain the four features.
So in this case we have sample and support we had that talent and packed away.
And of course we have the classes.
So these are the target variables we are going to reshape it.
So let's print out the features.
As you can see these are the features.
So we are going to use a two dimensional array and every single row in this data frame is going to contain
the four features for a given sample.
And of course we have.
Why target variables.
So let's say that and let's run it.
OK.
So these are the target variables as you can see we have three classes and this target is going to contain
integers 0 for the first output class 1 for the second output class and 2 for the surd output class.
So we have I suppose as the first class I always versicolor as the second the class is virginica as
the Surt class.
So far so good.
But the most popular approach is the so-called one Haught representation.
So instead of dealing with integers like this 0 1 and 2 for representing the output classes we are going
to use this one what encoder in order to transform these target features or the labels into something
like this.
So this is the one representation that the output classes are going to be represented with a one dimensional
array the size of this one dimensional array is the number of output classes because we have three output
classes.
I is virginica I read Seto's and I use versicolor.
That's why as you can see the size of this one dimensional array is going to be three.
And we are going to represent the three classes we 0 0 0 for the first class.
0 1 0 for the second class and 0 0 1 for the search class.
You may pose the question that why do we have to use something like this.
We have the output label that is 0 1 and 2.
Why do we bother with this one.
Hold in Khoder.
And the answer has something to do with activation functions.
So if we take a look at the sigmoid activation function for example this activation function transforms
the data within the range 0 and 1.
What does it mean that if we use sigmoid activation function the output is not going to be two because
the values are within the range 0 and warm.
So that's why the best solution is to use something like this 1 0 0 for the first class 0 1 0 for the
second class 0 0 1 for the cert class.
By the way if we are dealing with a hand with 10 digit classification where the output classes or the
number of labels are and as you can see we assign a one dimensional array with 10 integers to a given
output class 1 0 0 0 0 4 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 4 1 0 0 1 0 0 4 2 and so on.
So this is the so called the one hot representation of the output classes and it is important because
we have to deal with activation functions and usually activation functions are going to transform the
values within the range 0 and 1.
So this is how we can get the target variables.
Then we just have to split the original dataset into a training data set and that task sat.
And we have to build a model as we have seen for the X or logical relation problem let's instantiate
a seeker and show we are going to use three hidden layers and every single hidden layer will contain
tiny hidden now rowans the number of inputs is equal to 4 because we have four features.
So that's why in the input layer there is going to be for now roans.
So the architecture is something like this.
OK we have several hidden layers but the input layer contains four.
Now rowans because we have four features sample length sample we the path length and tactile bed and
the output layer is contain extreme now we're on because we transform the labels into three integers
1 0 0 1 0 0 or 0 0 1 so 0 0 1.
That's why the output layer we will have three output.
Now lawn's OK we will use ralliers activation functions and we use an atom optimizer with the learning
grade 0 0 0 5 in the next lecture we are going to talk about the optimizer and the last function and
we ran the algorithm.
Thanks for watching.